# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    
    
    ## Answer
    **Part 1: Question**

Consider the following code snippet that uses a metaclass to create a class with a custom attribute:

```python
class Meta(type):
    def __new__(cls, name, bases, dct):
        dct['custom_attr'] = 'Hello, World!'
        return super().__new__(cls, name, bases, dct)

class MyClass(metaclass=Meta):
    pass

# Instantiate the class and access the custom attribute
obj = MyClass()
print(obj.custom_attr)
```

Which of the following statements is true about this code?

A) `MyClass` will not have a `custom_attr` attribute because metaclasses are used for defining classes, not instances.

B) When an instance of `MyClass` is created, it will inherit from the metaclass and automatically get the `custom_attr` attribute with the value 'Hello, World!'.

C) The `Meta` metaclass can only be used to add attributes to a class if it is specified when the class is defined.

D) Accessing `obj.custom_attr` will raise an AttributeError because `MyClass` does not define any attributes.

**Part 2: Answer**

**Correct Answer:** B

**Explanation:**
- Option A is incorrect. The metaclass `Meta` successfully adds a custom attribute `custom_attr` to the class `MyClass`. When you instantiate `MyClass`, this attribute is available.
- Option B is correct. The `__new__` method of the metaclass `Meta` is called when `MyClass` is defined, not when an instance of it is created. It adds a new attribute `custom_attr` to the class dictionary before the class is finalized.
- Option C is incorrect. A metaclass can be used to add attributes to any class that uses it, regardless of how often or where it is specified.
- Option D is incorrect. Since `custom_attr` is added by the metaclass, it will be accessible on instances of `MyClass`.
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2025-05-20 16:01:57*
    