# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    Part 1 (Question):  
Consider the following Python code snippet that uses metaclasses and decorators to create a class with automatic property creation based on attribute definitions:

```python
import inspect

class AutoPropertyMeta(type):
    def __new__(cls, name, bases, attrs):
        for attr_name, attr_value in attrs.items():
            if isinstance(attr_value, int) or isinstance(attr_value, float):
                attrs[attr_name] = property(lambda self, name=attr_name: self.__dict__.get(name), 
                                           lambda self, value, name=attr_name: setattr(self, name, value))
        return super().__new__(cls, name, bases, attrs)

class DataClass(metaclass=AutoPropertyMeta):
    a: int
    b: float
    c: str

# Usage
data = DataClass()
data.a = 10
data.b = 3.14
```

Which of the following statements about this code is true?

A) The `DataClass` will not have any properties, and an error will occur when trying to access or assign values.

B) Only integer and float attributes in `DataClass` will be automatically converted into properties.

C) All attributes of `DataClass`, regardless of type, will be automatically turned into properties.

D) The `AutoPropertyMeta` metaclass will cause a runtime error because it tries to create properties for attributes that are not integers or floats.
    
    ## Answer
    Part 2 (Answer):  
B) Only integer and float attributes in `DataClass` will be automatically converted into properties.

Explanation: In the provided code, the metaclass `AutoPropertyMeta` checks if an attribute is of type `int` or `float`. If it is, the attribute is replaced with a property that allows getting and setting the value. However, if an attribute's value is not an integer or float (e.g., a string in this case), it will remain unchanged as an instance variable. Therefore, only the attributes `a` and `b` are automatically converted to properties, while `c` remains an instance variable.
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2025-05-27 16:02:04*
    