# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    [QUESTION]
Consider the following Python code that uses a metaclass to add a new method to any class it decorates:

```python
class AddMethodMeta(type):
    def __new__(cls, name, bases, dct):
        dct['new_method'] = lambda self: "Hello from new_method"
        return super().__new__(cls, name, bases, dct)

class MyClass(metaclass=AddMethodMeta):
    pass

obj = MyClass()
print(obj.new_method())
```

Which of the following statements about this code is true?

A) The `add_method` method will not be added to any class that does not use `AddMethodMeta`.
B) When creating an instance of `MyClass`, it immediately calls `new_method` and prints "Hello from new_method".
C) Calling `obj.new_method()` will raise an AttributeError.
D) The metaclass is used to dynamically add a method to all classes in the application.
    
    ## Answer
    D) The metaclass is used to dynamically add a method to all classes in the application.

Explanation: In Python, a metaclass is a class that creates and controls other classes. When you define a class with `metaclass=AddMethodMeta`, every instance of that class will have a new method called `new_method`. This is true regardless of whether other classes use the same metaclass or not. The `MyClass` defined in this example is an exception to this rule, as it does not explicitly declare `new_method`, but instances of any class using `AddMethodMeta` will have access to it. Option A is incorrect because only classes explicitly decorated with `AddMethodMeta` will get the new method. Options B and C are incorrect because calling `obj.new_method()` on an instance of a class that does not use `AddMethodMeta` would raise an AttributeError, but since `MyClass` is an exception to this rule, it would not be the case here.
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2025-06-04 16:01:54*
    