# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    
    
    ## Answer
    **Part 1 (Question):**

Consider the following Python code that uses a metaclass to dynamically create a class with multiple methods:

```python
class Meta(type):
    def __new__(cls, name, bases, attrs):
        for method_name in dir(cls):
            if not method_name.startswith('__'):
                attrs[method_name] = cls.create_method(method_name)
        return super().__new__(cls, name, bases, attrs)

    @staticmethod
    def create_method(name):
        def method(self):
            print(f"Executing {name} method")
        return method

class MyClass(metaclass=Meta):
    pass

obj = MyClass()
obj.some_method()
```

Which of the following statements accurately describes the behavior of the code above?

A) When `MyClass` is instantiated, it will automatically create a new method named `some_method` for each instance.

B) The metaclass `Meta` dynamically adds methods to `MyClass` based on its attributes during class creation. These methods print the name of the method being executed when called.

C) All instances of `MyClass` will share the same `some_method`.

D) When `obj.some_method()` is called, it will raise an AttributeError because `some_method` does not exist in `MyClass`.

**Part 2 (Answer):**

B) The metaclass `Meta` dynamically adds methods to `MyClass` based on its attributes during class creation. These methods print the name of the method being executed when called.

Explanation:  
The `Meta` metaclass defines a `__new__` method that iterates through all attributes of `cls` (which in this case is `MyClass`). For each non-special attribute, it creates a new method using the `create_method` static method. This method simply prints the name of the method when called. Therefore, any instance of `MyClass` will have access to these dynamically created methods, and calling them will print the respective method names as expected.
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2025-08-01 08:01:55*
    