# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    Part 1 (Question):
Consider the following Python code snippet that uses a metaclass to create a singleton pattern:

```python
class SingletonMeta(type):
    _instances = {}
    
    def __call__(cls, *args, **kwargs):
        if cls not in cls._instances:
            instance = super().__call__(*args, **kwargs)
            cls._instances[cls] = instance
        return cls._instances[cls]

class MyClass(metaclass=SingletonMeta):
    pass

a = MyClass()
b = MyClass()

print(a is b)  # What will this print?
```

Which of the following statements is true about the behavior of `MyClass` when it is instantiated?

A. The class will raise a TypeError because metaclasses are not allowed in Python.
B. Both `a` and `b` will be instances of `MyClass`, but they will point to different objects.
C. Only one instance of `MyClass` will be created, and both `a` and `b` will refer to the same object.
D. The program will crash due to an infinite recursion.
    
    ## Answer
    Part 2 (Answer):
The correct answer is C: Only one instance of `MyClass` will be created, and both `a` and `b` will refer to the same object.

Explanation:
- The `SingletonMeta` metaclass overrides the `__call__` method to control the instantiation process.
- When an attempt is made to create an instance of `MyClass`, the metaclass checks if an instance already exists for that class in `_instances`.
- If an instance does not exist, it proceeds with normal class instantiation and stores the new instance in `_instances`.
- Any subsequent attempts to instantiate `MyClass` will return the existing instance from `_instances`, ensuring that only one instance of `MyClass` is created.
- Therefore, both `a` and `b` are references to the same object, as confirmed by the statement `print(a is b)` which will output `True`.
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2025-08-23 08:01:54*
    