# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    ### Part 1 (Question)

Consider the following Python code snippet that uses a metaclass to add a method to any class it decorates:

```python
class Meta(type):
    def __new__(cls, name, bases, dct):
        # Add a new method 'greet' to all classes decorated by this metaclass
        dct['greet'] = lambda self: f"Hello, I am an instance of {self.__class__.__name__}"
        return super().__new__(cls, name, bases, dct)

@Meta
class MyClass:
    def __init__(self, value):
        self.value = value

# Usage
obj = MyClass("Example")
print(obj.greet())
```

Which of the following statements is true regarding this code?

A) The `greet` method will be added to instances of all classes decorated by `Meta`, but not to `MyClass` itself.

B) The `greet` method will be added to `MyClass` and all instances of `MyClass`.

C) The `greet` method will only be accessible when defining a new class with `Meta` as its metaclass, but not on existing classes.

D) The code will raise an error because the `greet` method cannot be defined in the metaclass's `__new__` method.

### Part 2 (Answer)

B) The `greet` method will be added to `MyClass` and all instances of `MyClass`.

**Explanation:**
The metaclass `Meta` is used to dynamically add a `greet` method to any class that uses it as its metaclass. This means that when you define a new class like `MyClass`, the `greet` method is added directly to `MyClass`. As a result, instances of `MyClass` can also call this `greet` method.

The key point here is that metaclasses allow for modifications to the class definition at the time of class creation, making it possible to dynamically add methods or attributes to classes.
    
    ## Answer
    Answer format error. Please check the generated content.
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2025-09-12 08:01:58*
    