# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    **Part 1 (Question):**

Consider the following Python code that aims to create a simple logging system using metaclasses. The goal is to ensure that every class defined with this metaclass will automatically include a method `log_creation()` which logs when an instance of the class is created.

```python
import datetime

class MetaLogger(type):
    def __new__(cls, name, bases, dct):
        # Create the new class using type.__new__
        cls = super().__new__(cls, name, bases, dct)
        
        # Add a method to log creation of instances
        cls.log_creation = lambda self: print(f"Instance created at {datetime.datetime.now()}")
        
        return cls

class MyClass(metaclass=MetaLogger):
    pass

obj = MyClass()
```

Which of the following statements is true regarding the code above?

A) The `log_creation` method will be added to every class using the `MetaLogger` metaclass, and calling it on an instance of any such class will print a timestamp.

B) When you create an instance of `MyClass`, `log_creation()` will raise an error because it is not defined in the class body.

C) The `log_creation` method will be added to every class using the `MetaLogger` metaclass, but calling it on an instance of any such class will raise an error because instances do not have this method.

D) The `log_creation` method will only be available in `MyClass` and not in other classes that use `MetaLogger`.
    
    ## Answer
    **Part 2 (Answer):**

A) The `log_creation` method will be added to every class using the `MetaLogger` metaclass, and calling it on an instance of any such class will print a timestamp.

Explanation: In Python, metaclasses are powerful tools that allow you to modify or extend class behavior at the time of their creation. When `MyClass` is created with `metaclass=MetaLogger`, the metaclass's `__new__` method is invoked. This method defines a new class with an added `log_creation` method, which logs when an instance is created. Any subclass of `MyClass` (or any other class that uses `MetaLogger`) will also inherit this behavior because the method is defined in the metaclass's creation logic.
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2025-09-23 00:02:11*
    