# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    
    
    ## Answer
    Part 1 (Question): 
Consider the following code snippet which uses a metaclass and decorators:

```python
class Meta(type):
    def __new__(cls, name, bases, dct):
        dct['new_attribute'] = 'I am a new attribute'
        return super().__new__(cls, name, bases, dct)

@Meta
class MyClass:
    existing_attribute = 'I am an existing attribute'

def my_decorator(func):
    def wrapper(*args, **kwargs):
        print("Decorator is running")
        result = func(*args, **kwargs)
        print("Decorator is done")
        return result
    return wrapper

@my_decorator
def my_function():
    print("Function is running")

obj = MyClass()
my_function()

print(obj.new_attribute)
```

Which of the following statements about the given code are true?

A) The metaclass `Meta` adds a new attribute to the class `MyClass`.
B) The decorator `my_decorator` wraps the function `my_function` and prints messages before and after its execution.
C) When an instance of `MyClass` is created, it will have both `existing_attribute` and `new_attribute`.
D) Calling `my_function()` will result in printing "Decorator is running", then "Function is running", and finally "Decorator is done".

Part 2 (Answer):
A) This statement is true. The metaclass `Meta` dynamically adds a new attribute called `new_attribute` to any class it is applied to, as shown by its `__new__` method.

B) This statement is also true. The decorator `my_decorator` does wrap the function `my_function`, and upon calling `my_function()`, it will first print "Decorator is running", then execute the function itself (printing "Function is running"), and finally print "Decorator is done".

C) This statement is true. Instances of `MyClass` are created with both `existing_attribute` from the class definition and `new_attribute` added by the metaclass, as confirmed by the final print statement which outputs the value of `obj.new_attribute`.

D) This statement is correct too. The output of calling `my_function()` will indeed be "Decorator is running", followed by "Function is running", and then "Decorator is done".
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2025-10-04 16:02:11*
    