# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    [QUESTION]
Consider the following Python code snippet that uses a metaclass to automatically add a `created_at` attribute to any class it decorates, setting its value to the current timestamp when an instance is created.

```python
import time

class TimeStampMeta(type):
    def __new__(cls, name, bases, dct):
        original_init = dct.get('__init__')

        def new_init(self, *args, **kwargs):
            self.created_at = time.time()
            if original_init:
                original_init(self, *args, **kwargs)

        dct['__init__'] = new_init
        return super().__new__(cls, name, bases, dct)

class MyClass(metaclass=TimeStampMeta):
    def __init__(self, value):
        self.value = value

# Example usage
obj = MyClass(10)
print(obj.created_at)  # Outputs the timestamp when obj was created
```

Which of the following statements is true regarding the behavior of this code?

A) The `TimeStampMeta` metaclass automatically sets the `created_at` attribute for all instances of any class it decorates.
B) The `__init__` method of classes decorated with `TimeStampMeta` will never be called if a custom `__init__` is defined.
C) If an instance of `MyClass` is created without passing arguments, it will still have the `created_at` attribute set to the current timestamp.
D) The `TimeStampMeta` metaclass modifies the class definition by changing the `__new__` method instead of the `__init__` method.
    
    ## Answer
    A) The `TimeStampMeta` metaclass automatically sets the `created_at` attribute for all instances of any class it decorates.

Explanation: 
- A metaclass in Python is a class whose instances are classes. In this case, `TimeStampMeta` is used to create a new type with an additional attribute (`created_at`) that records the time when an instance is created.
- The `__new__` method of the metaclass is called during the creation of a new class, and it modifies the class dictionary by adding or updating methods. However, in this example, the `TimeStampMeta` overrides the `__init__` method to set the `created_at` attribute when an instance is created.
- Since the `__init__` method is overridden in the metaclass, it will always be called when creating an instance of any class that uses this metaclass, regardless of whether a custom `__init__` method is defined in the subclass.
- Therefore, the correct behavior is that the `TimeStampMeta` automatically sets the `created_at` attribute for all instances of any class it decorates.
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2025-10-13 00:02:26*
    