# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    
    
    ## Answer
    **Part 1 (Question):**

Consider the following Python code that uses a metaclass to create a class with a custom method:

```python
class Meta(type):
    def __new__(cls, name, bases, dct):
        dct['custom_method'] = lambda self: f"Custom method called on {self.name}"
        return super().__new__(cls, name, bases, dct)

class MyClass(metaclass=Meta):
    def __init__(self, name):
        self.name = name

# Usage
obj = MyClass("Test")
print(obj.custom_method())
```

Which of the following statements correctly describes what happens when an instance of `MyClass` is created and its method `custom_method` is called?

A) The metaclass `Meta` is not used because it does not modify any methods.

B) When creating `MyClass`, a new class with a `custom_method` is dynamically generated, which prints "Custom method called on Test" when invoked.

C) An error occurs because the metaclass is not defined properly.

D) The instance `obj` cannot call `custom_method` due to improper initialization in the metaclass.

**Part 2 (Answer):**

B) When creating `MyClass`, a new class with a `custom_method` is dynamically generated, which prints "Custom method called on Test" when invoked.

Explanation:
- The metaclass `Meta` is used during the creation of `MyClass`. 
- Inside the `__new__` method of `Meta`, a lambda function named `custom_method` is added to the class dictionary (`dct`). This function returns a string that includes the name passed to the `MyClass` constructor.
- When an instance of `MyClass` is created with the name "Test", it has access to the `custom_method` defined by the metaclass. 
- Calling `obj.custom_method()` results in executing the lambda function, which outputs "Custom method called on Test".
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2025-10-21 16:01:56*
    