# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    Part 1 (Question):  
Consider the following Python code snippet that uses a decorator to wrap a function, and then defines a metaclass to control the creation of classes. The goal is to create a class `MyClass` that has its constructor automatically called when an instance is created.

```python
def call_constructor(cls):
    # Decorator to call the __init__ method immediately
    def wrapper(*args, **kwargs):
        obj = cls(*args, **kwargs)
        obj.__init__(*args, **kwargs)  # Redundant but illustrates the point
        return obj
    return wrapper

class MyMeta(type):
    def __new__(cls, name, bases, dct):
        # Metaclass to add an attribute to all classes it creates
        dct['__my_attribute__'] = 'Hello, World!'
        return super().__new__(cls, name, bases, dct)

@call_constructor
class MyClass(metaclass=MyMeta):
    def __init__(self, value):
        self.value = value

# Usage:
obj = MyClass(10)
print(obj.__my_attribute__)
```

Which of the following statements is true regarding the execution and behavior of this code?

A) When `MyClass(10)` is called, the constructor will be called twice due to the decorator.

B) The metaclass adds an attribute `__my_attribute__` with value `'Hello, World!'` to all classes that use it.

C) Since the constructor is decorated and called manually in the decorator, the value of `value` will not be accessible via instance attributes.

D) Both A and B are true.
    
    ## Answer
    Part 2 (Answer):  
B) The metaclass adds an attribute `__my_attribute__` with value `'Hello, World!'` to all classes that use it.

Explanation:  
The decorator `call_constructor` is designed to immediately call the constructor of the class it decorates, but this redundancy does not affect the functionality. When a new instance of `MyClass` is created, the metaclass `MyMeta` is invoked first during class creation. The `__new__` method in `MyMeta` adds an attribute `__my_attribute__` to every class it creates, regardless of whether they are decorated with `call_constructor` or not. Thus, statement B is correct.

Statement A is incorrect because the constructor is only called once when the instance is created, even though it is redundantly called in the decorator.

Statement C is false because the value of `value` is accessible via the instance attribute due to the correct implementation of the `__init__` method within `MyClass`.

Therefore, statement B is the correct answer as it accurately describes the behavior of both the decorator and the metaclass.
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2026-01-06 16:02:53*
    