# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    
    
    ## Answer
    **Part 1 (Question):**

Consider the following Python code snippet that uses metaclasses to create a class that automatically logs when instances of the class are created or destroyed:

```python
import time

class AutoLogMeta(type):
    def __call__(cls, *args, **kwargs):
        instance = super().__call__(*args, **kwargs)
        print(f"Instance {instance} created at {time.ctime()}")
        return instance
    
    def __del__(cls, instance):
        print(f"Instance {instance} destroyed at {time.ctime()}")

class MyClass(metaclass=AutoLogMeta):
    pass

# Usage
obj1 = MyClass()
obj2 = MyClass()
del obj1
```

Which of the following statements about this code is true?

A) When an instance of `MyClass` is created, it logs both the creation and destruction times.

B) The `__call__` method in `AutoLogMeta` is called when an object is instantiated but not when it is destroyed.

C) The `__del__` method in `AutoLogMeta` is not automatically called when an instance of `MyClass` is deleted using the `del` statement.

D) All instances of `MyClass` share the same logging behavior defined in `AutoLogMeta`.

**Part 2 (Answer):**

C) The `__del__` method in `AutoLogMeta` is not automatically called when an instance of `MyClass` is deleted using the `del` statement.

Explanation:
- When an object is deleted using the `del` statement, Python's garbage collector runs and determines whether the object can be collected. If it can, the `__del__` method of the metaclass or class is called.
- However, the timing of when `__del__` is called is not immediately guaranteed after the `del` statement; it depends on the garbage collection process, which might run at a later time. Therefore, you cannot assume that `__del__` will be called as soon as `del` is used to delete an object.
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2026-01-11 00:02:23*
    