# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    [ANSWER_SEPARATOR]

**Part 1 (Question):**

Consider the following Python code snippet that uses a custom metaclass to modify class behavior:

```python
# Define a custom metaclass
class ModifyClass(metaclass=type):
    def __new__(cls, name, bases, dct):
        # Add a new method to the class during creation
        dct['new_method'] = lambda self: 'This is a new method'
        return super().__new__(cls, name, bases, dct)

# Use the metaclass to create a class
@ModifyClass
class MyClass:
    pass

# Create an instance of MyClass and call the new method
instance = MyClass()
result = instance.new_method()

print(result)
```

Which of the following statements correctly describes what happens when the above code is executed?

A) The `new_method` will not be added to `MyClass` because metaclasses are ignored in this context.

B) When an instance of `MyClass` is created, the `new_method` will not be accessible because it was added after instantiation.

C) An error will occur when trying to create an instance of `MyClass` due to a missing method definition.

D) The output will be 'This is a new method' as expected, demonstrating that the metaclass successfully modified the class.

[ANSWER_SEPARATOR]

**Part 2 (Answer):**

D) The output will be 'This is a new method' as expected, demonstrating that the metaclass successfully modified the class.

Explanation: In Python, metaclasses are used to create and control classes. When a class definition is executed with a custom metaclass, the `__new__` method of the metaclass is called before the class object is created. This allows the metaclass to add new attributes or methods directly to the class being defined. In this example, the `ModifyClass` metaclass adds a `new_method` to any class it decorates (in this case, `MyClass`). Since `new_method` is added during the class creation process, it is immediately available on instances of the class after they are created. Therefore, when an instance of `MyClass` calls `new_method`, it correctly outputs 'This is a new method'.
    
    ## Answer
    Answer format error. Please check the generated content.
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2026-03-04 00:02:07*
    