# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    [QUESTION]
Consider the following Python code that uses a metaclass to dynamically add methods to a class at runtime:

```python
class MethodAdder(type):
    def __new__(cls, name, bases, dct):
        dct['dynamic_method'] = lambda self: f"Method added dynamically by {name}"
        return super().__new__(cls, name, bases, dct)

class MyClass(metaclass=MethodAdder):
    pass

obj = MyClass()
```

Which of the following statements about the above code is true?

A) When an instance of `MyClass` is created, it does not have a method named `dynamic_method`.

B) The class `MyClass` can be instantiated normally, and calling `dynamic_method` on an instance will return a string that includes the name of the metaclass.

C) The metaclass `MethodAdder` only works if all methods are explicitly defined in the dictionary before the metaclass is applied.

D) None of the above.
    
    ## Answer
    B) The class `MyClass` can be instantiated normally, and calling `dynamic_method` on an instance will return a string that includes the name of the metaclass.

**Explanation**: In Python, metaclasses allow for customization of class creation. When a new class is created using a metaclass, the metaclass's `__new__` method is called to create the class object. In this case, the `MethodAdder` metaclass adds a new method named `dynamic_method` to any class it is applied to, regardless of whether methods were explicitly defined in the dictionary before or after applying the metaclass. Therefore, an instance of `MyClass` can be created normally, and calling `dynamic_method` on this instance will execute the lambda function that returns a string including the name of the metaclass (`MethodAdder`).
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2026-03-12 00:01:56*
    