# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    [QUESTION]
Consider the following Python code that uses a metaclass to log class instantiation:

```python
class Logger(type):
    def __call__(cls, *args, **kwargs):
        print(f"Creating instance of {cls.__name__}")
        return super().__call__(*args, **kwargs)

class MyClass(metaclass=Logger):
    pass

def create_instance():
    obj = MyClass()
    return obj
```

The `create_instance` function is designed to create an instance of `MyClass`. However, the current implementation does not log any information about the instance creation when called. What modification can be made to ensure that every time an instance of `MyClass` is created through `create_instance`, a message is printed indicating the creation of the instance?

A) Modify the `Logger` metaclass to include additional logging logic within the `__call__` method.
B) Change the definition of `MyClass` to explicitly call `super().__call__(*args, **kwargs)` in its constructor.
C) Remove the metaclass from `MyClass` and use a decorator instead for instance creation.
D) Add a new method `log_creation` to `MyClass` that prints the creation message.
    
    ## Answer
    A) Modify the `Logger` metaclass to include additional logging logic within the `__call__` method.

Explanation: The correct answer is A. By modifying the `Logger` metaclass, we can ensure that every time an instance of a class defined with this metaclass is created, the `__call__` method will be called, and thus the logging message will be printed. Option B is incorrect because it changes the instantiation process by explicitly calling the superclass constructor in the class definition, which would not utilize the metaclass's functionality. Options C and D do not address the problem of logging instance creation; they either remove the use of metaclasses or introduce a separate method for logging, neither of which ensures that the log message is printed every time an instance is created.
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2026-03-20 00:02:08*
    