# Python Quiz Question
    
    ## Question
    Part 1 (Question):
Consider the following Python code that uses a metaclass to add an additional method to any class it decorates:

```python
class Meta(type):
    def __new__(cls, name, bases, dct):
        dct['add_method'] = lambda self: f"Added method to {name}"
        return super().__new__(cls, name, bases, dct)

@Meta()
class MyClass:
    pass

instance = MyClass()
print(instance.add_method())
```

Which of the following statements is true about this code?

A) The `add_method` will raise an AttributeError when called because it's not defined in `MyClass`.

B) When you run the code, it will output "Added method to MyClass" indicating that the metaclass successfully added a new method.

C) The `add_method` will be added to all instances of `MyClass`, but calling it on any instance will return an AttributeError because the method isn't bound to an instance.

D) Calling `instance.add_method()` will result in a TypeError because `Meta` is not a function and cannot be used as a decorator.
    
    ## Answer
    Part 2 (Answer):
B) When you run the code, it will output "Added method to MyClass" indicating that the metaclass successfully added a new method.

Explanation: The `Meta` class acts as a metaclass by overriding the `__new__` method. This method is called when a new class is created using `Meta`. Inside `__new__`, we add a new method named `add_method` to the dictionary of attributes (`dct`) passed to `Meta.__new__`. The lambda function `lambda self: f"Added method to {name}"` defines what this method will do when called. When we then create an instance of `MyClass`, it has access to the `add_method` added by the metaclass, and calling `instance.add_method()` correctly outputs "Added method to MyClass".
    
    ---
    *Generated on: 2026-04-10 16:02:03*
    